Riva deployment guides with gke & aks (#148)
nvidia-riva/tutorials: deploy-aks.md

    ```bash
    export pod=`kubectl get pods | cut -d " " -f 1 | grep riva-api`
    kubectl describe pod $pod

    kubectl logs -f $pod -c riva-model-init
    kubectl logs -f $pod -c riva-speech-api
    ```

## Deploying the Traefik edge router

Now that the Riva service is running, the cluster needs a mechanism to route requests into Riva.

In the default `values.yaml` of the `riva-api` Helm chart, `service.type` was set to `LoadBalancer`, which would have automatically created an Azure Classic Load Balancer to direct traffic into the Riva service. Instead, the open-source [Traefik](https://doc.traefik.io/traefik/) edge router will serve this purpose.

1.  Download and untar the Traefik Helm chart.

    ```bash
    helm repo add traefik https://helm.traefik.io/traefik
    helm repo update
    helm fetch traefik/traefik
    tar -zxvf traefik-*.tgz
    ```

2.  Modify the `traefik/values.yaml` file.

    1. Change `service.type` from `LoadBalancer` to `ClusterIP`. This exposes the service on a cluster-internal IP.

    2. Set `nodeSelector` to `{  kubernetes.azure.com/agentpool: loadbalancer}`. Similar to what you did for the Riva API service,

>     this tells the Traefik service to run on the `loadbalancer` nodepool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    this tells the Traefik service to run on the `loadbalancer` node pool.
```

      selector:
        matchLabels:
          app: "rivaasrclient"
      template:
        metadata:
          labels:
            app: "rivaasrclient"
        spec:
          nodeSelector:
              kubernetes.azure.com/agentpool: rivaclient
          imagePullSecrets:
          - name: imagepullsecret
          containers:
          - name: riva-client
            image: "nvcr.io/{NgcOrg}/{NgcTeam}/riva-speech:{VersionNum}"
            command: ["/bin/bash"]
            args: ["-c", "while true; do sleep 5; done"]
    ```
2.  Deploy the client service.
    ```bash
    kubectl apply -f client-deployment.yaml
    ```

3.  Connect to the client pod.
    ```bash
    export cpod=`kubectl get pods | cut -d " " -f 1 | grep riva-client`
    kubectl exec --stdin --tty $cpod /bin/bash
    ```

4.  From inside the shell of the client pod, run the sample ASR client on an example `.wav` file. Specify the `traefik.default.svc.cluster.local` endpoint, with port 80, as the service address.
    ```bash
    riva_streaming_asr_client \
       --audio_file=wav/en-US_sample.wav \
       --automatic_punctuation=true \
       --riva_uri=traefik.default.svc.cluster.local:80
    ```

> ## Scaling the cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Scaling the Cluster
```
